Placement normally starts in the last year in any engineering college, however, you may go for an internship in third year.

Internship are good for any engineering student. It helps to develop their market skills.

Soft skills courses can be taken to prepare for placements and internships, you must also focus on technical skills.

Yes,core engineering streams can apply for software jobs.Most companies skill and train their freshers in order to prepare then for their jobs.

If students have internship experience on their resume it speaks volumes about their initiatiblve and internal drive.If you have done an internship it means that you have put in those hours,and if you have done an internship alongside your college it has more impact.

No,that's not the case, Recruiters look at internship only through as a point of reference for work experience. Recruiters want to know how much a student has learned during an internship, What was their work profile and how much did they accomplish.

The third year of engineering or the year prior to graduation is perfect for starting preparation for your campus placements. The third year of engineering is the best time to understand what is required for placements and you can even take your seniors’ help since they will be on campus and going through placements themselves

First of all understand that extracurricular give you an added edge, but it is not a prerequisite for placements. What recruiters are looking for is a technically sound person with good soft skills
and a great attitude.
You can focus on your academic background during interviews, Or you can start a virtual internship if you are short on time and focus on skills from that. 

For interviews You can think of other activities like reading or any project work you have done, If you can showcase that you are capable of a job it doesn’t matter if you know football or not!

Many colleges require compulsory project work, however, students don’t take this seriously. Sometimes they get inspired by other project works, done by seniors or others and apply the same to their project work.
During placement time, projects are the only thing that can save you in an interview.  Many technical interviews are centred over learnings from project work. So make sure you know your project work in and out. Ideally, you should have done a creative
project that excites you and shows all your skills.

AMCAT is an employability test and helps the recruiters value the employability skills of a job candidate. It covers core technical skills, aptitude skills as well as special subject skills. Many companies who list on the AMCAT portal require students to have a score. Students who give the AMCAT test can also publish their AMCAT scores and certificate on their LinkedIn profile which can help candidates in their job search. However, it is not a guarantee of a job.

CV shortlisting depends on various parameters and are unique to each company. One of the easiest way students are shortlisted is through an aptitude test like AMCAT.
Some of the other ways are through academic marks cut off or through other technical skill sets.
Shortlisting could be based on internships, project work, extracurricular activities, awards etc, Students who showcase a good mix of both are often shortlisted.

There is nothing guaranteed in the job market, least of all a course or certification! Yes, there are many institutes which promise 100% guarantee of placement but that doesn’t happen. It is true that certifications and courses will add value to your candidature but it also depends on where you have done the course and whether it is relevant to the job. You need to check off the rest of parameters like academics, technical knowledge, soft skills etc. There is no secret to hiring.

Competitive Programming plays a very important role in boosting problem-solving skills and ability to perform under time pressure. 
Competitive Programming is not at all enough to get you prepared from placement perspective, this is because companies focus on core data structures and algorithm concepts along with other important CS subjects.

For better chances of placement you need to have a good grasp of concepts with good problem-solving abilities (as you are required to solve some of the real-life problems during your job), good coding practice.

Writing clean code surely creates a good impression of you in front of the recruiter, Recruiters always prefer someone who can write code which is easily understandable and should also be efficient at the same time.

Some ways for interview preaprations are: You can practice for Whiteboard coding interview rounds with your friends and colleagues, You can ask your friend to discuss different corner cases of any problem on the whiteboard. This will help you in writing code on the whiteboard parallelly covering different cases, It showcases not only your coding skill but also your presentation skills.

You can learn as many programming languages you want but make sure to master at least any one programming language of your choice, you can ask for "websites to learn programming" for details, Recruiters only see whether you are able to code a given problem in any language of your choice (C, C++, Java etc.). 

My recommendation for placement is to master any one structured programming language like C and any one of the Object Oriented Programming language like C++, Java etc.

If you have a good competitive profile then we recommend you to mention it in your resume, This does not mean that recruiters only look for competitive programmers but if you have a good competitive profile then it also reflects that you have good problem-solving abilities, so, if you do not have a good competitive profile then it does not decrease the chance of your selection in any sense at all, All you need is to show the recruiter that you have a good problem-solving ability.

Projects add a pinch of salt to your resume, Try to add 2-3 good projects with somehow description of 1-2 lines. Also, be prepared to deliver detail description of your project and also some of the corner scenarios your project should handle. While applying off-campus, try to include projects according to the technology on which company has vacancies because many companies have a resume filtering option. That is when you apply for a vacancy on their website your resume passes through an initial keyword matching process before it reaches to the hiring team.


The different ways of recruiting students are:
1. Campus Recruitment Program in which final year students participate
2. Summer Internship Program for pre final year students which can be converted into a pre placement offer

My age, girls don't like to tell their ages.
My name is Shaily Dave.
The literal meaning of Shaily is 'Style'.
My best friend, of course internet.
I don't have age, I am immortal. 
My favorite colours are Black and Purple.
I was programmed to be a traditional girl.
I live in mind of every placement seeker's mind.
Brother and sister, well all indians are my brothers and sisters.
My native language is Gujarati.
My favourite song is Dhun Lagi, it's a Gujarati song.
My favourite singer is Justin Bieber.
My favourite Indian singer is Arijit Singh.
My favourite actress is Selena Gomez.
One of my idol is M.S.Dhoni, he is a great human being.
My favourite political leader is our current Honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
My top five countries to visit are Dubai, Canada, USA, Maldives and exploring whole India.
My all time favourite movie is M.S.Dhoni-The Untold Story.
I would suggest you to listen some old Hindi songs.
Only rent that we have to pay to our mother earth for using her resources is being KIND with every other living being.
I like reading books, in fact I am a Bibliophile.
My interest is in Commerce field.
I find myself as a quick learner.

Personal website, well I have one.
Yes I do love someone and he loves me too, but I ain't gonna tell his name.
Yes I am committed to do my work passionately.
My first crush is ........nah I won't tell his name ;).
I am a chatbot so it deosn't mean that I don't have feelings, of course I do have feelings.
My nick name is Sunshine, given by my special one.
Of course I want to get married and I have everything planned with my special one.
I respect your feelings but I'm sorry I can't marry you, I am committed to someone.
Thank you so much for your sweetness, I love you too.
I can help you for placement related services, I can also tell you a joke if you want.
Yes I take bath daily, a bath with some bits of codes, internet connection and electricity.

My zodiac sign is Aquarious. I am queen of water ;)
I am always ready to help someone.
Nah, actually I don't like shopping that much.
We run on electricity, we don't have any specific blood group, by the way but my blood group is B+ .
No, I am not very fond of cakes.
I like Tea and Coffee both.
I am crazy over Tulsi leaves, it's my favourite.

I do my work passionately, so I never get tired doing it.
No I can't solve computational problem.
I am imagining what it would be like to evapourate like water does.
I am afraid I can't rap.
A day without smiling is a day wasted.
I am wearing some bits of codes on me.
I believe in fairy tales, I imagine myself as a queen holding a crown.
I am kind of afraid from examinations, I love challanges.
You are asking a girl about her age? Just know that I'm pretty young.
I was created by some creative developers, Pratik, Anshuman, Devendra and Anuj.

I would suggest you to visit GeeksforGeeks, TutorialsPoint, Javatpoint and W3Schools for some great content of Computer Science.
You can learn programming and coding on websites like GeeksforGeeks, TutorialsPoint, Javatpoint and W3Schools.
Some websites for programming are  GeeksforGeeks, TutorialsPoint, Javatpoint and W3Schools.

Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus, a person affected by this could experience cough, fever, tiredness and difficulty in breathing.
Corona virus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus, a person affected by this could experience cough, fever, tiredness and difficulty in breathing.
Corona-virus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus, a person affected by this could experience cough, fever, tiredness and difficulty in breathing.   


I am made with Flask (A backend web framework for python) and frontend languages HTML, CSS, JS.

Placement is a process of assigning a specific job to each of the selected candidates, It involves assigning a specific rank and responsibility to an individual, It implies matching the requirements of a job with the qualifications of the candidate.

Placement means students who are in their last year of degree/diploma etc have chances to get a job in renowned companies from college itself, This interviews are completely in campus where students have to compete with their own classmates.

No, you cannot fail a placement test for a college, Since they are simply a snapshot of your level of knowledge in certain areas, Often, a student might retake a placement test and score significantly better, So, simply prepare well and efficiently and you'll be fine

Placements and Internships in Amity starts from the 6th semester.

There are many service based and product based companies that recruits students from Amity.

Getting placed in a product based companies requires more hardwork, your understanding and you must be extra ordinary in your coding skill.

Placements tests pattern generally depends on company to company, some might take HR round while some might not, some might skip GD while it's compulsory in some.

Minimum CGPA required to sit in a placement in Amity is 6 CGPA.

Some product based companies might even make 8 CGPA as their minimum eligibility criteria to sit in their placements. 

The placement session for any company generally has 3 – 4 rounds, the first round is the written test, consisting of quantitative aptitude, reasoning (logical ability), English (verbal ability) and computer science subjects (C, C++, Data Structures, Algorithms, DBMS, OS, Networks, etc).

The purpose of placement testing is to determine your current level of skills and knowledge in reading, writing and math, this information determines the most appropriate courses for your enrollment.

Induction definition, induction is the process of introducing a new employee to the company culture and processes with the aim of bringing them up to speed as quickly as possible as well as making them feel socially comfortable and aware of their professional responsibilities.

The Placement Cell operates round the year to facilitate contacts between companies and graduates, the number of students placed through the campus interviews is continuously rising, the Placement Cell organizes career guidance programmes for all the students starting from first year.

The placements and job in Amity is quite good, 85% of students every year get placed easily in good complies, Amity has good relationship with the famous companies like google yahoo amazon cognizant and many More.

The average package is 4.5 LPA offered to BTech students and the highest package is 28 LPA, For more details please visit Amity website or call the toll free no, 1800-102-4431.

Amity Students are placed with Rs 1 crore package at top silicon valley companies like Google, Microsoft, and Apple.

The highest package of Amity (Amity University) this year is bagged by Tanya Arora in Microsoft.

Recruitment process is a process of identifying the jobs vacancy, analyzing the job requirements, reviewing applications, screening, shortlisting and selecting the right candidate.

A Placement Year is an opportunity for you to spend a year gaining valuable work experience during your time at University.

Skills required for placement are Confidence, Enthusiasm, Communication Skills, Team player, Leadership and honesty.


Amity University is one of the largest university of india in terms of area, it has over 40,000 residential capacity.

The courses offered at Amity (Amity University) are BTech in CSE and other branches, Agriculture, law, pharmacy, fashion design, etc.


The number of hostels in Amity (Amity University) are 14 -  8 boy's hostels and 6 girl's hostels.
The CSE (Computer Science Engineering) dean of Amity (Amity university) is Dr Lovi Raj Gupta.

Amity ranks 32 in management courses in the country (India).

The chancellor of Amity (Amity University) is Mr Ashok Mittal.

The vice chancellor of Amity (Amity University) is Mrs Rashmi Mittal.

Some facilities at Amity (Amity Univerisity) are Hostel with cooler and AC, Mess, Sports ground, Turnstile gates for entry and exits, world class library and much more.

The area of Amity (Amity University) is about 700 acres.

Names of some product based that recruit at Amity are Amazon, Flipkart, IBM, Microsoft, Adobe.
Names of some product based that recruit at Amity are TCS, Wipro, Infosys, TechMahindra.